- [[Luke Campbell]] wakes up one morning to find he has turned into a dogboy. Rather than being alarmed by this, he actually thinks it’s pretty cool.
- He goes to show his neighbor and best friend, [[Sam Ward]], but discovers they have disappeared.
- Luke must seek out the reclusive and mysterious [[James Redawić]] in order to solve the mysteries of his transformation and Sam’s disappearance. James lives in a secluded town high in the mountains called [[Plata]].
- James reluctantly agrees to help Luke. Sam and the others are being lured to their doom by a being known only as [[CURSED AL]] (his true name has been lost to time). Luke is the only one who can defeat CURSED AL, so James has no choice but to train him.
- Luke’s skills gradually surpass even James’s. As a final challenge, James demands a fight to the death, which Luke wins despite his best efforts not to. (This isn’t a case of Luke being an idiot, even though he is. He’s just understandably hesitant to kill his mentor.) With his dying words, James instructs Luke to retrieve a [[CURSED AL'S CURSED ORB|legendary artifact]] from the city of [[Rhapsody]], and to deliver a message to CURSED AL: James still remembers him.
- That’s right, James and CURSED AL were lovers once upon a time. In fact, everyone in this story is some flavor of queer (except for one [[Boring Straight Greg|token cishet]] who gets his skeleton exploded by CURSED AL). They’re also all furries to varying extents. “But they raise livestock and ride horses. Isn’t that kinda weird?” No, because they started out as “regular” people and turned into furries. They don’t turn back into regular people at the end of the story, either. You know why? _Because they like it._
- What does this legendary artifact look like? James says Luke will know it when he sees it. \*Ron Howard voice\* He did not know it when he saw it. What Luke thought was the legendary artifact turned out to be an ordinary (if somewhat oversized) chocolate orange. But it certainly behaves like a legendary artifact. It constantly takes all of Luke’s willpower to not eat it. Someone should really tell him the truth. (See also: [[Luke Campbell#Various Luke Characterizations|Various Luke Characterizations]]) ^6a412b
- Unfortunately, even though it’s not the legendary artifact, he still can’t eat it. It’s a chocolate orange. He’s a dogboy. Chocolate and oranges are both bad for him. (True ending: he _can_ eat it. He’s not just a dog, but a _dogboy_. The rules are different.)

#general #luke-campbell #sam-ward #james-redawic #plata #rhapsody
#james-still-remembers-you #plot-outline 