[[Genton]] (/‘gɪntən/ *GHIN-tən*, though more accurately transcribed as /'gɪnʔən/ *GHIN-ən*) is a small farming village where nothing much ever happens. There’s a general store, a couple restaurants, a church, and not much else. The youths, the few that there are, find life there so dull that they often refer to it pejoratively as “[[Genton#Boringsville|Boringsville]]”. But strange things have been happening lately: the animals have been attacking, people are disappearing, and all around there’s been a sinister feeling hanging in the air.

[[Luke Campbell]] awoke one morning from troubled dreams to find himself transformed into a horrible vermin. His hair had grown immensely, and his teeth had lengthened into fangs. Had his ears migrated to the top of his head? And what was this growth on his back that he could feel moving incessantly? He looked in the mirror and nearly didn’t recognize the face staring back at him. After some time, he finally accepted it as his own, though it was considerably more dog-like than he remembered, yet not entirely devoid of human features. In fact, it was really just his ears and teeth that had changed; his nose, for example, was still the same length. The growth on his back, then, must have been his tail. “This is actually pretty sweet!” he thought, his tail wagging harder. “I’m not a horrible vermin! I’m a good boy!”

“Wait, am I a good boy?” His tail slowed as he began to ponder this.

But why had he changed so suddenly? He seemed to recall that boys his age often went through drastic changes to their bodies, but he was pretty sure he had already experienced that a couple years ago. Perhaps his teachers had simply neglected to cover this apparent second phase. Genton wasn’t exactly renowned for its school system after all. But no matter. He knew he had to tell [Sam](Sam%20Ward.md) about this! They’d be sure to get a kick out of it. He turned to race downstairs, knocking a framed photo of himself and Sam off his nightstand with his tail. Having a tail might take some more getting used to than he thought.
#general #luke-campbell #sam-ward #genton #plot 