~~Previous~~
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.2 Refusal of the Call|Next]]
# Summary
The hero begins in a situation of normality from which some information is received that acts as a call to head off into the unknown.

# Plot
[[Luke Campbell]] is a fairly normal guy. He lives in a sleepy little farming town called [[Genton]], where he helps [[The Mothers Campbell|his parents]] out on their [[Campbell Farms|farm]]. He's 17. He runs cross-country for his high school, and he hates it. He's never been particularly interested in sports, but given that Genton is a small, mostly rural town, high school football is kinda the main event; consequently, Luke doesn't fit in all that well.

What would he rather do instead? Maybe he's more of a theater kid? Whatever it is, it's something he feels he can't do in Genton. (It might also be good if it's something that ends up being relevant to his quest.) Maybe he feels he just can't be himself here. (This is more just a side-effect of being 16. You might think because it's a farming town that Genton isn't very accepting, but they're actually quite progressive. I mean, they'd have to be if everyone in the story is queer, unless we're just saying only the main characters are queer.) I think his big thing is just that he wants to do something that feels meaningful. If he stays here in Genton, his options are basically: farmer or maybe mechanic.

So, what's the call to adventure? He wakes up one morning, takes care of his farm chores, and goes next door to [[Sam Ward|Sam's]] house to run with them. Sam is also on the cross-country team, but they're actually into it. Actually, maybe they would be the one coming to Luke's house since Luke hates cross-country. (It probably goes without saying, but Sam is the only reason Luke joined the team.) So, when they don't show up to force Luke to exercise, Luke gets worried and goes over to their house to investigate. That's when he discovers that they've disappeared.

Maybe Sam has previously expressed an interest in the occult, or maybe they've always wanted to visit [[The Old Silver Mine|the mining museum]] in [[Plata]]. Something leads Luke to believe that Sam is in Plata and/or that [[CURSED AL]] is involved. Wouldn't it be out of character for them to just leave suddenly and not tell Luke? Luke doesn't think that far ahead. He's impulsive, so once he gets it in his head that Sam is in Plata (whether or not that's actually true), his course is set. (And of course, the player probably wouldn't know that it's out of character for them either.) He saddles up [[Luke's Noble Steed|Pauline]] and sets off up the mountain path.

(Cf. [[1 - The Call to Adventure]], [[The Beginning]], [[Another Outline#1 - The Call to Adventure|Another Outline]])

# Questions
sudoMajor:: Answered some questions like "Why is he on a horse?" and "Why would a dogboy hate running?"
#majorChange #unseenByLun 

>[!question] [question:: If everyone's some kind of animal-person, do they still eat meat?]
>Pass.

>[!question] [aq:: Why does Luke want to leave Genton so badly?]
>It's boring as shit. He wants to go on an adventure. Sure, he's left town a few times for cross-country competitions and field trips and stuff, but he wants to go out on his own. He wants to be independent. He should be careful what he wishes for.
>
>Also, maybe the town is full of jocks who make fun of Luke for doing nerdy shit like Renaissance Fairs and playing *~~Dungeons & Dragons~~ Caves & Cryptids* instead of ~~getting brain damage~~ playing football.

>[!question] [aq:: Why does a dogboy hate running?]
>He actually has a mild case of hip dysplasia, but he's not aware of it. Running's supposed to hurt a little bit, right? (Wouldn't that also make riding a horse kinda hard? Shhh... don't worry about it.)
>
>He tries not to complain about it. He's worried the rest of the team will think he's just a little bitch. (Except they would probably call him something else; calling a dogperson a bitch feels kinda like a racial slur. On the other hand, these *are* rural high school students we're talking about...)

^5d7e02

>[!question] [aq:: What leads Luke to believe Sam has gone to Plata?]
>The Renaissance Fair is in Plata this weekend, and Sam and Luke were planning to go. Maybe Sam decided to go early and not tell him. (Luke goes every year, but this is the first time Sam has gone.)

^c8c6a1

>[!question] Why does he set off on horseback instead of taking the train or a car?
>Luke jousts, so he would be taking Pauline anyway. The jousting tournament is on Saturday, and normally [[Elizabeth Campbell|Elizabeth]] would take Pauline with the horse trailer, but today is Friday. The Campbells' only truck is in use, but it should probably be fine for Luke to ride Pauline up there. She'll have enough time to recover before the tournament the next day. (Plata is probably closer than 40km away, then. Otherwise, it would take Luke most of the day to get there on horseback.)
>
>Even if the truck where available, Luke is a gay 17-year-old boy. Not to lean on stereotypes too much, but do you really think it's a good idea to put him behind the wheel? Especially towing a trailer up a mountain road?
>
>What about the train? It's just a normal passenger train, so no room for a horse.

~~Previous~~
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.2 Refusal of the Call|Next]]

#general #plot-outline #act-1  #unanswered-questions #answered-questions 