[[1.1 The Call to Adventure|Previous]]
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.3 Supernatural Aid|Next]]
# Summary
Often when the call is given, the future hero first refuses to heed it. This may be from a sense of duty or obligation, fear, insecurity, a sense of inadequacy, or any of a range of reasons that work to hold the person in his current circumstances.

# Plot
"Mr. Wizard, sir," Luke stammered. "Respectfully, I have literally just had the worst night of my entire life, and also I'm only 17. I'm not sure I'm the right person for this."


## Old Plot
[[Luke Campbell|Luke]] goes to [[Plata]] and meets [[James Redawić]], owner of [[The Old Silver Mine|the mining museum]]. James tells Luke that he is THE CHOSEN ONE, the only who could possibly defeat [[CURSED AL]]. He will have to gather many [[Legendary Artifacts]] to do this, but fortunately, Luke is part retriever. He was practically born to do this.

Luke, on the other hand, isn't so sure. He thought he wanted to leave [[Genton]], but is he really ready? He's still in school, and [[The Mothers Campbell|his parents]] need his help on the farm—oh, shit, his parents! He didn't even tell them he was leaving!

Not to mention, he still doesn't know where [[Sam Ward|Sam]] is. Maybe they're not involved with CURSED AL after all. Maybe they just caught a stomach bug and were in the bathroom.

And [[CURSED AL'S CURSED DOMAIN]]... isn't that in the desert? Suddenly, Genton doesn't sound so bad. (James is unaware of [[Eeby Deeby]].)

He can't do this right now! At the very least, he needs to tell his parents goodbye. Unfortunately, a [[Ednathrallor Verdensmorder|dragon]] scares his [[Luke's Noble Steed|horse]] off a cliff, leaving him stranded in Plata. He has no choice now.

(Cf. [[2 - Refusal of the Call]], [[Another Outline#2 - Refusal of the Call|Another Outline]])

[[1.1 The Call to Adventure|Previous]]
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.3 Supernatural Aid|Next]]

#general #plot-outline #act-1 #Character/Luke-Campbell #Character/James-Redawic #Character/CURSED-AL #Character/The-Mothers-Campbell #Character/Sam-Ward #Character/Edna #Character/Pauline #Places/Plata/The-Old-Mine  #Places/Genton #Places/CURSED-ALS-CURSED-DOMAIN 