[[1.2 Refusal of the Call|Previous]]
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.4 The Crossing of the First Threshold|Next]]

# Summary
Once the hero has committed to the quest, consciously or unconsciously, their guide and magical helper appears or becomes known. More often than not, this supernatural mentor will present the hero with one or more talismans or artifacts that will aid them later in their quest.

# Plot
This largely overlaps with [[1.2 Refusal of the Call]]. Once [[Luke Campbell|Luke]] realizes he has no choice but to commit to this quest, he returns to [[James Redawić|James]] to find out what he needs to do. James teaches Luke a couple basic [[Magic|spells]] and tells him where to find the [[Legendary Artifacts]] he will need to defeat [[CURSED AL]]. The nearest is [[CURSED AL'S CURSED ORB|THE ORB]], which is located in the city of [[Rhapsody]]. ([question:: What are the other Legendary Artifacts, and where are they?])

James has to stay in [[Plata]] to run the [[The Old Silver Mine|museum]], but someone else will help Luke: James's grandson. Erm... what was his name again? Oh, that's right! ~~Gary~~ [[Case Weston|Case]]!

(Luke: He has a grandson?! And he can't even remember his name? Just how old is this guy? I thought he was, like, 40... And don't wizards have to be virgins?

James: We're wizards, not priests!)

>[!question] [question:: Is Case really James's grandson? I mean, is that how he's going to be introduced? Or is he just his apprentice?]
>Maybe Case actually works for [[Institute for the Magical Arts & Sciences|IMAS]]? And he's being manipulated into collecting The Artifacts by CURSED AL just like James is manipulating Luke.

%%
sudoMajor:: Attempted to answer an unanswered question, but actually just asked a different question
#majorChange #unseenByLun 
%%


(Cf. [[3 - Supernatural Aid]], [[Another Outline#1.3 Supernatural Aid|Another Outline]])

[[1.2 Refusal of the Call|Previous]]
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.4 The Crossing of the First Threshold|Next]]

#general #plot-outline #act-1 #luke-campbell #james-redawic #case-weston #plata #rhapsody #the-old-mine #magic #the-orb #unanswered-questions 