[[1.3 Supernatural Aid|Previous]]
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.5 Belly of the Whale|Next]]

# Summary
This is the point where the hero actually crosses into the field of adventure, leaving the known limits of their world and venturing into an unknown and dangerous realm where the rules and limits are unknown.

(Cf. [[4 - The Crossing of the First Threshold]])

# Plot
## Wherein Luke and Case Find THE ORB
>[!note]+
>This scene was originally in [[Destroy Legendary Artifact]]. I moved it here since it seemed more appropriate.

INT. A derelict warehouse

[[Luke Campbell|Luke]] grabs a [[Chocolate Orange]] instead of [[CURSED AL'S CURSED ORB|THE ORB]]. He's just joking like, "Haha, look, I found THE ORB!"

[[Case Weston|Case]] laughs and says, "THE ORB is red, you dingus."

"What do you mean? [[LukeVISION (TM)|This is red]]!"

"Dude, are you colorblind or something? That's..." His voice trails off as he notices something.

"Colorblind?" Luke asks under his breath, sounding slightly offended, though mostly confused. Case lightly hits him in the chest to get his attention. "What?"

"Dude, look! THE ORB! The real one! It's right over there!" Case says, awestruck.

Luke becomes so excited his ears perk up involuntarily, inadvertently revealing to Case that he is a dogboy.

They grab THE ORB, and Luke looks at the chocolate orange that he's still carrying. "Well, I guess I can eat this now."

"Hey, you need to pay for that!" Case admonishes.

"Pay who? It's been sitting in this warehouse God knows how long. They're not going to miss it! I don't think this store is even in business anymore."

"But you can't eat that anyway! You're a dogboy!"

"Who told you I was a dogboy?!"

"You did, dumbass." He points to Luke's ears. "Your ears?"

"Aw, man... I hate when they do that."

"Anyway, give me that! You can't have it!"

"No!" (Didn't anyone ever tell Case not to try and take food from a dogboy?) Luke growls and bares his teeth.

The two boys begin to tussle. Luke offers Case half of the orange; Case is convinced Luke shouldn't have any of it. Luke has a hard time accepting that Case is only looking out for his health. In all the commotion, they don't realize they have accidentally triggered a long dormant security system. Luke drops the chocolate orange (now out of its box), and it rolls away.

>[!objective] 
>Escape the warehouse

>[!objective]
>Recover and eat the chocolate orange

I don't know if this game's UI is going to have a way of distinguishing main and side quests, but if it does, it's important that these both appear as main quests. They are of equal importance to Luke.

%%
sudoMajor: Somehow, I ended up writing a scene between Luke and Case here. It probably belongs in [[1.4 The Crossing of the First Threshold]] instead? Read this fourth.
%%


lunR:
Agreed, this probably belong in 1.4. Also, cute scene. I think this fits the story more than Luke befriending Case by saving him or vice versa. They just start of as (relatively) friendly towards each other despite both wanting the orb and even work together to get it. And then Case antagonizes Luke because he doesn't want him to eat the chocolate orange and Luke ends up running away with the orb for himself (though he feels bad about it). I mean, that's what I'm getting from this scene at least?

[Sudo]: Yeah, I guess it's more "rivals-to-lovers" than "enemies-to-lovers". But I think Luke can still save Case here, and that's where Case's opinion of him starts to shift from "This is a guy I have to work with for some reason" to "This guy's alright, actually. Kinda cute, even."

[[1.3 Supernatural Aid|Previous]]
[[README|Outline]]
[[1.5 Belly of the Whale|Next]]